(loud click)
(bell tolling)
(wings fluttering)
[men] You here for the
Bushin Festival too?
-Damn right I am.
Every fighter in the world
who thinks their skills
are worth anything
comes to the Bushin Festival.
(general chatter)
-As a gladiator myself,
there's no way I would
miss this opportunity.
Oh, no, no,
that guy's dead for sure.
[men] Dude, awesome!
They're warming up before the
official tournament.
-Yeah, get him!
Knock his head off.
Oh wait, this one here
looks pretty strong.
[kids] Dark Knights,
a whole bunch of them.
-Whoa, cool.
-Wait for me!
[people] Velgalta? Oriana?
Whoa,
even fighters from the east.
-I wonder if there
are any hot guys?
-Whoa, he's huge.
-I just felt a chill
down my spine.
-Over there,
at the edge of the road.
[Cid] Who the heck is that guy?
(chuckles)
Thank you, background extras.
You have helped me remember
what it is that I must do.
This transcends the lines
of race and nationality.
The sponsors, the fighters,
the spectators...
They all want one thing
and one thing only:
Absolute strength.
Here at this festival
where all are unified
in the quest to find the
strongest among us,
I know what I must do.
And that is to conceal
my eminent powers,
enter the tournament, make all
the spectators first think,
"Oh no,
that guy's dead for sure."
Then make them
gradually realize,
"Wait,
this one's pretty strong."
Until finally, "Who the heck is
that guy? He's amazing,"
they will scream.
It is one of the top items
on my Eminence in Shadow
bucket list.
And it is time!
(wings fluttering)
The big wave has come to town,
and I'm gonna ride it!
(OPENING THEME)
Uh... (gasps)
(mmuhm-mmuhm)
Thank you for gracing our
establishment, my Lord.
What brings you here- (trips)
(in pain) ...today?
[Cid] Your nose is bleeding.
I have a favor to ask of you.
I am honored to serve you.
Whatever you wish will
be granted, my Lord.
[Cid] I want to disguise myself
and enter the Bushin Festival.
Disguise yourself?
But why would you
do such a thing?
I'm sorry, but, would you
please not ask me that?
(gasps)
[Cid] Forgive me,
but I can speak
of it to no one.
I see, my Lord.
Then I will ask no questions.
Bring in the items.
(racks rattling)
(laidback guitar music)
Now, if you'll pardon me,
my Lord, please use this.
[Cid] What is that?
[Gamma]
Slime that we have enhanced
using the god-like
Wisdom of the Shadows
that you so kindly
bestowed upon us.
When charged with
magical energy,
it changes to a texture as
real as that of human skin.
Rub, rub, rub...
[Cid] So anyone can use it?
That's cool.
[Gamma] I've placed Eta in
charge of mass producing it.
[Cid] Right now, it just feels
like I've slathered clay all
over my face.
[Gamma] Next we carve the
slime, put a finish on,
and voila, a different person!
I understand.
What sort of face
would you like to have?
[Cid]
One that looks kind of weak.
[Nu]
You want to look weak, my Lord?
[Gamma] Then how would you like
to be this individual?
His name is Mundane Mann.
He's lazy, and is a Dark Knight
with no skill to speak of.
He was disowned by his noble
family five years ago,
and died an unremarkable
and undiscovered death.
His bone structure is similar
to yours, so I recommend him.
I like it.
Not just his face, but his
whole profile is perfect.
Let's do it!
I'll be Mundane.
As you wish, my Lord.
Very well, here it goes.
(machinery whirring)
(bicycle rattling)
(steam whistle)
(machinery rattling
and banging)
(ding)
(hiss of steam)
Well, what do you think?
Yeah, yeah, I totally see it.
He looks really weak,
doesn't he?
(sighs)
If we're doing this, I guess
it would be more appropriate
to use bad posture,
with hunched shoulders,
and my voice and face,
(deeper voice)
should also be lifeless.
[Gamma] Oh, impressive as
always. You're so good at this.
Looking at someone's
gait and posture
will tell you exactly
how much they understand
about how to
utilize their bodies.
I remember when you
taught me that, my Lord,
and now you are embodying the
concept brilliantly.
[Kagenou] Gamma remembers all
the knowledge I've given her,
and she understands it.
This entertaining
form of disguise
is probably one of the
fruits of that knowledge.
(sighs)
It's her brains.
It has to be her brains.
You will need clothing
and a sword.
We have gathered an assortment
of cheap secondhand items-
(ack)
(thumping and crashing)
[Kagenou] But...
she still has absolutely
no athletic ability.
...for your selection.
[Mundane] Your nose is bleeding.
(laughs)
No doubt about it.
Hey, over there.
[both] Huh?
Isn't that Annerose,
from Velgalta's Seven Blades?
[green shirt] Oh, you mean
the one who supposedly
summoned an ancient warrior
at the last Goddess' Trial?
[grey shirt] She's got a real
presence about her, huh?
(gasps)
[Annerose] Hey, you, excuse me.
Huh?
Are you planning on competing
in the Bushin Festival?
A cheap sword, a sickly body...
Anyone can see that
you're an amateur,
so I suggest that
you take my advice.
Forget about entering
the Bushin Festival.
If you underestimate this event,
you may never recover.
[Mundane] (sighs)
[Annerose] Hmm?
You know,
you really shouldn't judge a
book by its cover, missy.
Hey, excuse me, but I'm just
trying to help YOU here.
[Mundane]
I don't need your help.
[Annerose] Wait,
I'm not done talking to you!
[Kagenou] I knew this was
the right disguise.
I can't believe I'm already in
the perfect position
to pull off my
"He looks weak, but he's
actually the Eminence in
Shadow" moves.
[man]
Hey, stop right there, kid.
When a kind soul
gives you advice,
you really oughtta
listen to it.
[Kagenou]
Look who we have here!
The guy who's obviously
doomed to lose!
Hate to say it,
but I told you so.
Folks here, call me Quinton.
I've fought in the Bushin
Festival a few times,
and every time there's some
weak-ass killjoys like you
ruining all the fun.
Do us all a favor
and go home and suck on your
mommy's tit or something.
[onlooker] That's classic!
[Quinton] Huh?
Well, one thing's for sure.
[Kagenou] Gotta ride it.
I'm at least stronger
than you are.
[Kagenou] Ride the big wave!
[onlookers] Hey, Quinton,
he thinks you're a weakling.
-You gonna let him talk
to you like that?
We'll see who's stronger
than me. Come here!
You better watch your filthy
mouth, you stupid little shit!
(onlookers laughing)
I'm giving you one last
chance to apologize.
[Mundane]
Man, you really are third-rate.
(growling) I'll murder you!
[Kagenou] Truly an amateur.
If I'm honest, the unarmed
combat in this world
is entirely unsophisticated.
There are several options
I could choose from
in this situation.
(punches landing)
(Quinton grunting)
If there was a tournament
for unarmed gorillas...
I mean humans,
I would definitely win.
If this was a battle against
a powerful opponent
that I was actually
TRYING to win,
first, I would go for the eyes.
(blood splattering)
But I have no intention of
fighting just yet.
(growls)
[Quinton] There's a lot more
where that came from.
He could at least try to
fight back a little.
Geez, he's just as
pathetic as he looks.
(sighs)
[Quinton] What, too scared
to even fight back?
[Mundane] My fists are
too good to be wasted
on a low-level street fight.
Sounds to me like
you haven't had enough.
[Annerose] I think it's
time you stop this.
Or I'll be forced to step in.
(sighs)
[onlookers] Where you going,
Quinton? To take a leak?
-What, over already?
That's no fun.
[Quinton] Bah!
[Annerose] Are you all right?
I'm really sorry. I had no idea
this would get SO out of hand.
If you really wanted
to stop him,
you could have done it sooner,
couldn't you?
I just thought it would be
better for you to get hurt now,
rather than suffer
permanent damage
from something that might
happen in the tournament.
Anyway, let me patch you up.
There's no need.
It's been a long time since
I've tasted blood.
(hmm)
(gasps)
[Annerose]
He used you like a punching bag.
Aren't you hurt at all?
It's been a long time since
I've tasted blood.
Oh...
Please wait.
(hmpfh)
I go by the name of
Annerose Nichtsehen.
What do they call you?
I'm Mann, Mundane Mann.
Your name is Mundane?
[staff] Apply here to enter
the fighting contest.
-Make sure to
keep the road clear.
-Hey, draw that sword,
and I'm calling the Knights.
[Kagenou] I've done it.
He's a low level grunt that
everyone thinks is worthless,
except a few
who may have noticed
there's something
unusual about him.
I am loving the reaction from
that girl back there.
But don't get ahead of yourself.
The best is yet to come.
After the tournament starts,
that's when people will think
"Wait,
he might be pretty good."
And when things really ramp up,
they'll go,
"He's the toughest guy
I've ever seen."
And that would be when I-
[staff] Next, Mr. Mundane Mann?
Uh, yes, right here.
[all] Huh?
(general hubub)
[Skel] Tomorrow is the day,
the Bushin Festival is
finally starting.
They'll start with
the preliminaries
and only the toughest fighters
who get through those
will go on to the
main tournament.
I wanna show my
true eminent power
when the tournament is
reaching its climax.
So I just have to fight
like I always do.
I doubt it'll be a problem,
but...
Gotta be really careful about
how to approach those prelims.
[Skel] Exactly!
The betting won't get good
until the main tournament,
but if we wanna
rake in the winnings,
we'll need to collect data
on the earlier fights.
Definitely
don't wanna go all out,
but it's not a good idea to
hold back too much either.
Precisely. For the moment,
I've got my eye on the
repeat competitor Quinton.
What do you think, huh?
[Kagenou] Ideally,
I'll get the crowd to think,
"That guy's a total pushover,
but I can't stop watching him."
But it won't be easy to
hit that sweet spot.
This calls for some
careful observation.
[Skel] Yep,
we gotta watch very closely,
and guess right the first time.
So, if you would
kindly provide funds...
[Cid]
Who's the most likely to win?
[Skel] Ah, well, the favorite
would be Princess Iris.
If she wins this year,
she'll be the first repeat
champion in ages.
So, the crowds are
pretty stoked.
Then there's Student Council
President Rose,
who got seeded in by winning
the school tournament.
There's a fair amount of buzz
about her potential
to be the first Bushin champion
from the Oriana Kingdom.
That's cool.
[Skel] And so, Cid,
if we're gonna make the most
of this festival,
we'll need some funds to-
There's not anyone else?
Oh, well, there's also talk
about an ultra, super-strong
gladiatrix from the
Velgalta Empire,
and then there's
a totally awesome
and battle-hardened Dark Knight
that I'm a HUGE fan of.
So Cid,
some funds would be nice.
Oh, here, I got you
a souvenir in Lindwurm.
What is this?
It's really cool.
When the heck did
you go to Lindwurm?
You never told me about that.
(chair scraping)
You should have
taken me with you.
Hey, where are you going?
What about the money?
[Cid] If you're so sure you'll
win, you don't need it, right?
[Cid] I would like three
sandwiches to go, please.
[staff] Very good.
Three sandwiches to go!
[Kagenou] Any fight with
one of the favorites
is going to attract
a lot of attention.
I really have to think about
how to win those.
(gah)
Hmm?
Carelessness is
the greatest enemy.
Strange seeing you
in a place like this,
at a time like this,
in clothes like that.
Oh, well, it's because I'm
meeting someone later.
That's all.
I'm guessing you were
just at Tuna King, huh?
Yeah.
[Rose] The three of us went
there just the other day.
The food was delicious.
[Cid] Three of you?
[Rose]
Yes, me, Princess Alexia,
and believe it or not,
Natsume Kafka.
[Cid] That sounds like the most
painful grouping ever.
But I guess you're friends?
Yes, Natsume Kafka and I have
gotten really close, actually.
And Alexia's
a really nice girl,
so I'm sure we'll be the best
of friends in no time.
[Kagenou] As long as you think
Alexia's a nice girl,
nothing you do will
make her your friend.
Unfortunately, Alexia
and Natsume are still
somewhat awkward around each
other, but it's okay.
[Kagenou] Yeah, it's like
hating your own reflection.
[Cid] I'm sure they'll work it
out before too long.
[Rose] I hope you're right.
I want the three of us
to all work together
to make the world a better
place in any small way we can.
[Cid] World peace is really
important after all.
[Rose] Right.
[Cid]
Anyway, shouldn't you get going?
Actually, I'm supposed to
meet with my father.
He is going to introduce
me to my fiance.
(unhappy)
His name is Perv Asshat.
[Cid] Perv Asshat?
[Rose] (flatly) Yes.
I'll spare you congratulations.
[Rose] I'm the princess of the
land of art and culture.
People have had great
expectations for me
my entire life.
But I defied all of them and
chose the path of the sword.
[Cid] That IS unusual.
I've heard the Dark Knights
don't rank very high
in the Oriana hierarchy.
[Rose] My father and everyone
in the kingdom were against it.
Couldn't see the point in
swinging a sword
and getting covered in dirt.
But for me, I have
never been able to forget
the beautiful sight
I witnessed on that day.
Who are you?
Me? I'm-
Even if no one
would accept them,
I could never, ever turn my
back on my ideals,
and I still refuse to do it.
It's possible that
my stubbornness
will cause me to betray
countless people again.
But this time, it's not the
selfish demand of a child.
Hey, Cid...
Would you keep believing in me,
no matter what happens?
[Cid] Sure.
I will.
(happy sigh)
I'm glad I got to talk to you.
This was nice.
[Cid] Hey!
You can have this.
You should try
to relax a little.
(swords clashing)
(fighters straining)
Yeah, get him!
(general chatter)
Put your back into it.
Oh, come on.
Don't wimp out on us yet.
Where's Po, by the way?
Probably plowing
potato fields back home.
Darn it, this match is a bust.
What is it that
you're doing anyway?
I'm collecting data
on all of the battles.
Amateurs place their bets based
on gut instinct, but not me.
I calculate my own statistics,
and then I make smart bets,
based on proper data.
[Cid] Uh huh...
[Skel]
Bets are won based on totals.
[Cid] Uh huh.
[Skel]
Instead of gambling on winning
or losing a SINGLE match,
I converged the odds by betting
on ten matches at once!
[Cid] Cool.
You see, I am a man who uses
the odds to his advantage.
[Cid] Cool.
Come on, Cid,
to raise the odds to 100%,
I'm gonna need
some funds to start.
[man]
I find all of that fascinating.
Huh?
[Skel] Uh! You're...
[Cid] You know him?
[Skel] He's Goldy Gilded,
the Unbeaten Legend!
(hah) Please,
that nickname embarrasses me.
Call me Goldy Gilded, the
Ever-Victorious Golden Dragon.
Yes, Goldy,
the Effervescent Garden Kraken.
Victorious Golden Dragon.
Yes, Baldy,
the 10-Wheeled Wagon!
The winner is Imatry Nottalose!
[Goldy] I understand you're
tabulating battle data?
(crowd cheering)
[Skel] Uh, yes, sir.
[Goldy]
(chuckles) You have promise.
I know because I,
the Ever-Victorious,
never fail to tabulate data.
[Skel] R-really, sir?
Oh yes, it always helps me win.
[Skel] That's so awesome!
Tell me what you know,
Mr. Queen Victorious Gladden.
Fine, but again, it's
"Ever-Victorious
Golden Dragon."
[Cid] I'm gonna take a dump.
[Skel] Yeah, have fun.
Just for an example, let's
analyze the next match together.
Yes, sir!
[Ref] Round 3, Match 12.
Gonzales Machombre versus
Mundane Mann.
[Goldy]
I have a theory that one can
get a general idea of a
fighter's strength
BEFORE the battle begins.
I'll start with Gonzales.
The glint in his eyes and
his arrogant smile
tell me he's
experienced and tough.
As for physical strength,
one look at his muscles,
will tell you he's got it.
His power level is 1,364.
(gleam)
[Skel] Power level?
What's a power level?
Their fighting prowess
in numerical form.
1,364 is not a
BAD figure at all.
Mundane Mann,
on the other hand is a...
Oh...
[Skel] What, what is it?
Oh my, it's just too...
But this is...
Don't tell me,
he looks weak and pathetic,
but he could be a dark horse?
No way,
he is astoundingly inept.
No idea how someone like that
could have made it
all the way to Round Three.
He has a weak face,
a weak build, a weak aura.
He's dreadful.
I would say his power level is:
33.
(gleam)
Say you're saying
Gonzales is gonna win?
In less than a second.
Watching this match would be
a total waste of my time.
Wow, what a levelheaded
and accurate analysis that was,
Never-Ending
Drink-Filled Flagon!
(forced chuckle) Golden Dragon.
[ref] Let the fight begin.
(crowd gasping)
[both] Huh?
Mr. Gonzales, stand up please.
Mr. Gonzales?
[spectators] Hey, what in
blue blazes just happened?
-Gonzales tripped and fell?
-Is this for real?
[Skel] Hmm?
The, the winner is,
Mr. Mundane Mann.
(angry crowd shouting)
-Give me back my money, jackass!
(Gonzales shouting)
(punches landing)
(ungh)
With a punch to the chin...
No, two punches.
Well, I hope you've
learned a lesson here.
With data, it's possible to
predict an outcome,
but there are no absolutes.
Wha? You don't mean...
You knew this was gonna happen,
Professor Goldy?
Allow me to give you
a piece of advice.
There are two ways
to win when betting.
One is to bet on strong
competitors with high
power levels.
The other is to seek out
WEAK competitors, and bet
on their opponents.
(gasps)
In his fourth match tomorrow,
Mundane Mann, Power Level 28,
will be pitted against...
me, Goldy Gilded,
Ever-Victorious Golden Dragon.
Y-you mean to say...
(Goldy chuckles)
Will you be able to solve
the formula for victory,
I wonder?
Adieu, adieu.
(Skel laughing)
He, he's so amazing!
I'm back from my dump.
Hey, Cid,
there's a match tomorrow
that I know I can win on,
so gimme all your life savings.
[Cid] No.
[Skel]
Just take my word for it.
[Cid] No.
[Skel] You'll regret it,
and it won't be my fault!
Just gimme some money!
[Kagenou] (chuckles)
I like that reaction.
The look on her face says
she thinks it might not
have been a fluke.
[Cid]
Really gonna have to make sure
not to disappoint tomorrow.
[Skel] Right, no disappointment!
And for that, I NEED MONEY!
[Cid]
Ah, that's not gonna happen.
(running footsteps)
(pounding on door)
Open the door, Cid.
Get outta bed.
Get outta bed, Cid.
Come on!
There's been an incident!
President Rose stabbed her
fiance, Perv Asshat,
and then she ran off!
No one knows where she is!
Why?
(ENDING THEME)